compress info tree (#192)
m3dev/gokart: docs/task_information.rst

       └─-(COMPLETE) TaskA[2549878535c070fb6c3cd4061bdbbcff](parameter={'workspace_directory': './resources/', 'local_temporary_directory': './resources/tmp/', 'param': 'called by TaskB'}, output=['./resources/output_of_task_a_2549878535c070fb6c3cd4061bdbbcff.pkl'], time=0.0009829998016357422s, task_log={})

On Python
~~~~~~~~~

It use :func:`~gokart.info.make_tree_info` in the following:

.. code:: python

    import luigi
    import gokart

    class TaskA(gokart.TaskOnKart):
        param = luigi.Parameter()
        def run(self):
            self.dump(f'{self.param}')

    class TaskB(gokart.TaskOnKart):
        task = gokart.TaskInstanceParameter()
        def run(self):
            task = self.load('task')
            self.dump(task + ' taskB')

    class TaskC(gokart.TaskOnKart):
        task = gokart.TaskInstanceParameter()
        def run(self):
            task = self.load('task')
            self.dump(task + ' taskC')

    class TaskD(gokart.TaskOnKart):
        task1 = gokart.TaskInstanceParameter()
        task2 = gokart.TaskInstanceParameter()
        def run(self):
            task = [self.load('task1'), self.load('task2')]
            self.dump(','.join(task))

> The more dependencies you have, the harder it is to see the tree.

Reviewer: [nits]
```suggestion
The more dependencies you have, the harder it is to grasp the task tree.
```

        ),
        task2=TaskD(
            task1=TaskD(task1=TaskC(task=TaskA(param='foo')), task2=TaskC(task=TaskB(task=TaskA(param='bar')))),  # same task
            task2=TaskD(task1=TaskC(task=TaskA(param='foo')), task2=TaskC(task=TaskB(task=TaskA(param='bar'))))   # same task
        )
    )
    print(gokart.make_tree_info(task))

.. code:: sh

    └─-(PENDING) TaskD[187ff82158671283e127e2e1f7c9c095]
        |--(PENDING) TaskD[ca9e943ce049e992b371898c0578784e]    # duplicated TaskD
        |  |--(PENDING) TaskD[1cc9f9fc54a56614f3adef74398684f4]    # duplicated TaskD
        |  |  |--(PENDING) TaskC[dce3d8e7acaf1bb9731fb4f2ae94e473]
        |  |  |  └─-(PENDING) TaskA[be65508b556dd3752359b4246791413d]
        |  |  └─-(PENDING) TaskC[de39593d31490aba3cdca3c650432504]
        |  |     └─-(PENDING) TaskB[bc2f7d6cdd6521cc116c35f0f144eed3]
        |  |        └─-(PENDING) TaskA[5a824f7d232eb69d46f0ac6bbd93b565]
        |  └─-(PENDING) TaskD[1cc9f9fc54a56614f3adef74398684f4]
        |     └─- ...
        └─-(PENDING) TaskD[ca9e943ce049e992b371898c0578784e]
            └─- ...

> This has been omitted.

Reviewer: It is ambiguous that what `This` specified, IMO.

If you mean `This` equals `duplicated tasks`, then this sentence should be as follows;

```
In task dependency tree output by `make_tree_info`, the sub-trees already shown in above will be omitted.
```

Author: Looks good. thx.

> We can disable compress by doing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can disable this omission by passing ``False`` to compress flag:
```
